BOARD commiteies----------------------------------------------------------------

Board Committees
S.No	Name of the Director	Status	Category
AUDIT COMMITTEE

1	JAINENDRA BAXI	Chairperson	Non-Executive - Independent Director
2	MS. SHWETA MUNDRA	Member	Non-Executive - Independent Director
NOMINATION AND REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

1	MS. SHWETA MUNDRA	Chairperson	Non-Executive - Independent Director
2	MS. SWATI SHARMA	Member	Non-Executive - Independent Director
STAKEHOLDER RELATIONSHIP COMMITTEE

1	SWATI SHARMA	Chairperson	Non-Executive - Independent Director
2	JAINENDRA BAXI	Member	Non-Executive - Independent Director
3	MS. SHWETA MUNDRA	Member	Non-Executive - Independent Director
RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE

1	JITENDRA DHANRAJ JAIN	Chairperson	Non-Executive - Independent Director
2	JAINENDRA BAXI	Member	Non-Executive - Independent Director
3	ASHOK KUMAR SINGH	Member	Executive Director
4	MS. SHWETA MUNDRA	Member	Non-Executive - Independent Director
CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

1	JAINENDRA BAXI	Chairperson	Non-Executive - Independent Director
2	JITENDRA DHANRAJ JAIN	Director Member	Non-Executive - Independent
3	SWATI SHARMA	Member	Non-Executive - Independent Director
4	MS. SHWETA MUNDRA	Member	Non-Executive - Independent Director




our team---------------------------------------------



Mr. Ashokk Singh
Chairman & Director
He is a First Generation Entrepreneur with Hands on experience of more than a Decade in Financial World. He is having In Depth knowledge of his core domain Financial Services. He is known for his knowledge base on National and Global Capital Markets with finest Portfolio Management. He has started his career in 2007 and worked with India's Best Financial Services Companies. He is a well-known Team Player and having mastery in Team Building and Management. He has secured a Post-Graduate Diploma in Management from the Welingkar Institute of Management Development and Research.


Mr. Sanjay Kumar Singh
Non-Executive - Whole Time Director
Sanjay Kumar Singh have more than 25 years of experience in various consulting domains like Finance, Sales, Marketing and Business Advisory. He is known for his precise analysis, practical insights and razor-sharp strategy. As a Director of the firm, he is deeply involved in consulting with clients and associates. Educational Qualification- MBA from Patna University.


Ms. Swati Sharma
Non-Executive - Independent Woman Director
Swati Sharma has hands on experience of 21 years which includes 11 years at Loyola college of education, Jamshedpur and 10 years at Mumbai Universal college od education and Nirmala college of education.

Her educational qualifications in M.Sc. MED. From Patna University, along with Ph.D. from University of Mumbai Professor, Nirmala college of education.


Mr. Jainendra Baxi
Non-Executive - Independent Director
Jainendra Baxi have more than 25 years of experience in various consulting domains like Finance, Business Development (Media & Entertainment) Marketing and Business Advisory. Studied Film Production from the Prestigious & Renowned Notre Dame Communication Centre Patna Year 1999. Have been an internal Part in the complete making of Film- Based on the Best Selling Novel, Carnage by Angels -Authored by Mr. Y.P Singh Ex IPS.


Mr. Rahul Mathur
Company Secretary
Rahul Mathur is appointed Company Secretary and Compliance Officer of the company.


Shweta Mundra
Non-Executive - Independent Woman Director
She has a rich experience and exposure in corporates since long time. She is working as Compliance Professional and Eminent Management Advisor for many Companies and Corporates from different sectors such as finance, Media, Real estate, Petroleum, IT, Trading and Manufacturing. Overall, she has a diverse and wide- ranging experience and knowledge of various corporate affairs.
Currently serving MRC as an Independent Director


Mr. Tyler Beaver
Technology Consultant
is an accomplished strategist and business development expert with a proven track record in governmental affairs, public policy, and international business. As a Principal at Executive Strategies, Tyler specializes in helping clients navigate complex legislative and regulatory environments while securing strategic partnerships that drive growth. With extensive experience across sectors such as agriculture, technology, energy, space, AI, and smart cities, Tyler has successfully managed high-profile political campaigns and crafted targeted media messaging that generates grassroots enthusiasm for both candidates and policy initiatives. His lobbying successes include working with notable organizations founded by members of the Kennedy family and collaborating with influential super PACs. In addition to his political expertise, Tyler has brokered over $100 million in agricultural trade and protein sourcing across the United States.


Mehul Kamdar
Consultant for Global Business
has over 25 years of experience in research, strategy, planning and licensing. Speaker of nine languages who started his working career as a radio journalist, Mehul has most recently been involved in the organic ingredients, health foods, natural cosmetics and seed and growing supplies industries. For a long time before this, he was an Associate and later a Partner at a Technology licensing practice.


Deepak Kilania
President - Global Affairs
He is a 1st Gen Entrepreneur with several years of hands-on experience in the real estate and agro-industry sectors. With a strong foundation in Law after completing his bachelor's from NLU Patiala, he combines legal expertise with deep knowledge of Overseas Trade and Agricultural Business Management. As the President of MRC Agrotech, he is recognized for his professionalism, honesty, and commitment towards delivering the highest quality services. He is a strategic leader known for his ability to drive growth and build effective teams in dynamic business environments.




auditors and Rta -----------------------------------------------

STATUTORY AUDITOR OF THE COMPANY
M/S Choudhary Choudhary & Company, (CA).(India) Pvt. Ltd.

338 V Mall Asha Nagar Thakur Complex, Industrial Estate, Saidham Temple, WEH, Lower Parel (E), Kandivali E, Mumbai 400 101.

Email : firmcco@gmail.com

SECRETARIAL AUDITOR
M/S P Dhanuka & Associates

14 Sir Hariram Goenka Street, Kolkata 700 007.

Email: pinku.agarwal00@gmail.com

RTA
Purva Shareregistry

Unit no 9, Shiv Shakti J.R. Boricha Marg, Mumbai 400 011.

Email: support@purvashare.com







Our farms : --------------------------------------

must have two sections , farms in maharastra and farms in uttar pradesh (2x2 gridof images for each section)



Investments page -------------------------------------

update quaterlies with the pdf in public/quaterlies 

remove "there are no subsidies"

add agronica seeds - https://agronicaseeds.com/


also add the following pdfs from https://www.mrcagro.com/resource/Investors_Corner/Code_Of_Conduct_Policy in the investlemtn navbar link dropdown


also add a shareholding pattern section in ivestments on navbar itself, where when clicked it redirects - https://www.bseindia.com/stock-share-price/mrc-agrotech-ltd/mrcagro/540809/flag/7/shp





our offering ---------------------------------

temi tea -- opens https://temiteaestate.com


in others 